hello everyone today i will tell you
about movie named victor frankenstein
a man victor frankenstein comes on the
scene as this story starts
he is a medical student and wants to
achieve something great in his life
at night he visits a circus where a
good-looking girl is showing her
performance
while performing that girl falls down
from a peak
as a result she receives a great injury
igor is also shown here who is
haunchbacked
he cannot walk properly because of his
bent back
he has attraction towards this girl
that girl was finding difficulty to
breathe due to falling
but igor understands what is her problem
how will she be recovered
because igor had enough knowledge about
human structure
it was so because he was haunchbacked
his back was bent
he has studied much for its recovery
he has no degree but he was not less
than a doctor
he rescues that girl within a time
and that girl restores her breath
victor frankenstein is shocked
witnessing it
he goes to igor and asks
how you did it
he tells that i have read a number of
books victor says to him you are wasting
your time in the circus
come with me
i will change your life
ringmaster also hears all
he is the owner of that place
he becomes wrathful because igor wanted
to leave that place
he cages him
he threatens him i will give you in the
custody of police if you tried to escape
you are my slave
all gained human knowledge on your part
is by the stolen books and police will
not take time to arrest you
a few times later victor frankenstein
arrives there
he starts running after releasing igor
from that cage
other people in the circus also witness
them and pursue but victor brings igor
to his house hardly but safely hiding
from the eyes of others
reaching his house first of all victor
ejects the pus from his haunch back
using interjection and medicine
so that his body posture may be
recovered
and igor is recovered here
he is able to stand for the first time
it means igor is not haunchbacked person
he can walk properly now
contrarily police officer is shown who
is investigating missing igor and a
local murder case
victor tells igor that i am
experimenting named reversal of death
it means i can revive the dead man or an
animal
i have to do a great job for it and you
will assist me he also shows the human
eyes placed in a container
passing the electricity through them
those eyes begin to move
being smarter igor corrects a mistake of
victor at a place
he tells him
that you have not attached the eye's
nerves
victor is pleased knowing that he has
corrected his mistake
he is more impressed by him
now he hired igor as his assistant
time begins to pass both revive the
organs of dead animals
both want to create a giant chimpanzee
with the different organs
it will not be less than a monster
they are desiring to take science at
advanced level
after working victor and igor move to a
party where igor meets the same pretty
girl
who was shown in the circus at the
beginning
that girl cannot recognize him but igor
is still in love with her
here victor suggest him to keep away
from that girl
he tells that girl is a distraction for
you
focusing on her you will not be able to
concentrate on your work
anyhow they come back to their house
here the chimpanzee first time comes on
the scene
it is changed with the different
electric wires
now it is the time to pass the
electricity
electricity is passed through this dead
chimpanzee
so that it may revive
igor is being confused here
but he is relaxed when a dead chimpanzee
starts moving
it means that their experiment has
succeeded
next day victor frankenstein brings that
chimpanzee into his university to prove
his science
little hurdles are faced
chimpanzee begins to attack from side to
side as it revives
it starts hurting the people
so victor kills his own made creature
chimpanzee
victor is thrown out by his university
because he has applied unconventional
methods there are also his classmates
who are aristocratic
they say to victor we will fund you
continue these experiments
and he also asks him you will make an
artificial humanoid for me
it means such creature which may be
created according to us
they may assist us in the various
pursuits
otherwise he offers him a large amount
of money
here it is noticed that igor does not
want to work for them
overlooking igor victor accepts the
offer of his aristocratic classmates
victor has awarded him a new life after
curing his haunch back so igor agrees
with him
he had saved his life owing him
so he consents to cooperate with victor
next day same police officers visits
victor's house
so that they may investigate this case
they had also known
that an effort was made to revive
chimpanzee in the university
police officers have no warrant to check
the house so victor does allow them to
check the house
they return back with disappointment
here igor meets with the circus girl
whom he loves
that girl explains to him try to forbid
victor
don't conduct such experiments
otherwise he will again create a monster
they spend much time with each other
he observes those police officers and
their workers are breaking the house
door when igor is returns back from
there
entering the house from the other door
he asks victor to escape
he tells him that your classmate
investor has managed a way to escape for
us
but victor does not leave from there and
starts damaging the machinery there
he does not want to leave the machinery
in the hands of others
meanwhile the police officer enters
pointing them gun he tries to stop them
but they don't act accordingly
policeman and victor's coral is held
after a great quarrel victor pushes him
and police officer's hand is caught in
the big toothed wheel
and his hand is dismembered
now police officer has deprived one of
his hand
on the other side both go to their
friend who has funded this project
sitting in a carriage
here their friend investor hands over
more money to them
he says work on my project
create an artificial human
because working was not safe here so
investor suggests him to leave scotland
there is my ancestry bun glow and you
can work there silently and easily
and he leaves for scotland
so he may work on his project
aristocratic investor visits igor as
victor leaves
he tells him i will finish victor as the
experiment is accomplished
and i will utilize his made artificial
human as a weapon
being artificial it will be bulletproof
and no one will be able to end it and it
will work on my command
after telling it igor is thrown into the
water while fastening his hands and feet
untying his ropes hardly igor comes
upward saving his life
after rescuing himself he leads to that
circus girl
he tells her victor's life is at risk
we will have to save his life
both leave for scotland together so that
victor may be informed that his life is
at risk
reaching there he reveals everything to
victor
your life is in danger
but victor wants to continue this
experiment in spite of knowing it all
because he exposes a secret to him a
storm broke out many years ago
my elder brother fell victim there
and victor blames himself for his
brother's death in some way
and he wants to revive his elder brother
through this experiment
after a time investor and police
officers also approach there
where victor is conducting his
experiment
much electricity is generated during the
experiment which begins to cause a great
destruction everywhere
everything starts damaging and their
machine is exploded
and that investor is dead due to this
explosion
police officer blames victor you are the
root of all destruction
everything is happening because of you
during the conversation that created
monster begins to move after getting up
nowhere victor is excited thinking as
his conducted experiment is successful
victor tries to communicate with that
monster but it does utter a word
and that monster keeps standing at a
place
that monster was looking dangerous so
police officer was afraid he shoots it
taking out his gun
that monster pains due to this and it
puts him dead attacking him
afterwards that monster starts fighting
with victor and igor harming them
after all both end that monster there
cooperatively
in the end victor is shown sitting at
the shore of the sea
he writes a letter to igor stating that
you can meet that girl
because he had forbidden him to meet her
at the beginning
otherwise victor has asked forgiveness
from him in the letter
because igor continuously warned him but
he did not care
and this movie ends on the scene